SANDY BEACH


Three little children lived in a pretty cottage close to the sea-shore. Their names were Lucy, Harry, and Fred Hope.
Near the cottage there was a beach of white sand more than a mile long. It was called Sandy Beach.
The children often went there with their father and mother.
They loved to wade in the clear water. It was not deep near the shore, so there was no danger.
One day the children went with their father to play at Sandy Beach. Their big dog Bruno was with them.
They saw a little boy rowing about in a boat. He was a good way from the shore.
The children were making houses in the sand, when they heard a loud scream and a splash. The boy had fallen out of the boat into the deep water.
There was no one in the boat to help him, and no other boat was near. Mr. Hope saw the danger, and called Bruno.
He came bounding to his side. Mr. Hope pointed to the little boy in the water. "Fetch him, sir; quick!" he cried to the dog.
Bruno knew what his master mean. Dashing into the water, he swam out to the boy, and caught him by the coat. Then he swam back again, bringing the little boy safe to shore.
How proud the children were of Bruno! Since that day they have been kind to all dogs for his sake.




One day, when two sisters, called Nell and Kate, came home, they found a poor little kitty at the door of their house.
She was very cold and wet, and her paws were very dirty, for it was a rainy day. The children took her into the house, and gave her some milk at the warm fire.
Kitty always lived with them after that day. They called her Whitefoot, because she had four white paws.
 
Pussy, pussy Whitefoot,
Wandering in the street,
Wet and cold and dirty
With the rain and sleet;

Pussy, pussy Whitefoot,
Hungry and alone,
In the children's play-room
Found a happy home.
 
Pussy, pussy Whitefoot,
Spotted brown and black,
When she sees old Carlo
How she bends her back!
 
Pussy, pussy Whitefoot,
Fur as soft as silk;
See her roll and tumble,
See her lap her milk.



May I take a look around this apartment?

Are you the landlord?



